docs - update general settings, localization, and timezones (#27193)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/localization.md

# Languages and localization

The **Localization** settings allow you to set global defaults for your Metabase instance. You can find **Localization** under **Admin settings** > **Settings**.

> ## Instance language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Default language
```

I don't imagine many people will be searching for "instance language".

Author: Oh, this just matches the in-product name (in case people are looking at the docs and the interface at the same time). I'll add an "aka" in the description.

> The instance language is the default language across the Metabase UI, system [emails](./email.md), [dashboard subscriptions](../dashboards/subscriptions.md), and [alerts](../questions/sharing/alerts.md). People can pick a different language from their own [account settings](../people-and-groups/account-settings.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can set the default language across the Metabase UI, system [emails](./email.md), [dashboard subscriptions](../dashboards/subscriptions.md), and [alerts](../questions/sharing/alerts.md). People can pick a different language from their own [account settings](../people-and-groups/account-settings.md).
```

Additionally, we should follow this section with the list of supported languages, as the natural follow-up to setting a default language is 'which languages are available'?

## Report timezone

> Use **report timezone** to set a default display time zone for dates and times in Metabase. This is a display setting only, so changing the **report timezone** won't affect the time zone of any data in your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use **report timezone** to set a default display time zone for dates and times in Metabase. The report timezone setting is a display setting only, so changing the report timezone won't affect the time zone of any data in your database. 
```

Yes, the revision is a tad tedious, prose-wise, but the edit imposes a somewhat lighter cognitive load than forcing people to infer what we mean by "this". Plus repeating the term reinforces the terminology. Side note: we only need to bold a key term the first time we use it.

> **Report timezone** doesn't apply to `timestamp without time zone` data types, including the output of [`convertTimezone`](../questions/query-builder/expressions/converttimezone.md) expressions.

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on the implications of this inertia with an example? What about workarounds?

**Report timezone** is only supported for the following databases:
   - BigQuery
   - Druid
   - MySQL
   - Oracle
   - PostgreSQL
   - Presto
   - Vertica

## First day of the week

If you need to, you can change the first day of the week for your instance (the default is Sunday). Setting the first day of the week affects things like grouping by week and filtering in questions built using the [query builder](../questions/query-builder/introduction.md). This setting doesn't affect [SQL queries](../questions/native-editor/writing-sql.md).

## Localization options

**Localization options** allow you to set global default display formats for dates, times, numbers, and currencies.

> You can also override these global defaults for specific fields or questions. For more info, see [Formatting](../data-modeling/formatting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also override these localization options for specific fields or questions. For more info, see [Formatting](../data-modeling/formatting.md).
```

### Dates and Times

- **Date style:** the way dates should be displayed in tables, axis labels, and tooltips.

> - **Date separators:** you can choose between slashes, dashes, and dots here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Date separators:** you can choose between slashes (`2022/12/14`), dashes (`2022-12-14`), and dots (`2022.12.14.`).
```

- **Abbreviate names of days and months:** whenever a date is displayed with the day of the week and/or the month written out, turning this setting on will display e.g. "January" as "Jan" or "Monday" as "Mon".

> - **Time style:** this lets you choose between a 12-hour or 24-hour clock to display the time by default where applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Time style:** choose to display the time using either a 12 or 24-hour clock (e.g., 3:00 PM or 15:00).
```

### Numbers

> - **Separator style:** some folks use commas to separate thousands places, and others use periods. Here's where you can indicate which camp you belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Separator style:** some people use commas to separate thousands places, and others use periods. Here's where you can indicate which camp you belong to.
```
